1) What is the minimum grade you must receive overall to pass this course?
A) 50%

2) How many days will the assignment drop-box stay open after the assignment due date for 
late submission of an assignment?
A) 3 days

3) What percentage is taken off your grade for each day an assignment is late?
A) 10%

4) What is the required combined percentage grade for exams only that is required to pass this course?
A) 50%

5) If I let someone copy my work, what grade will I receive on the assignment if they are caught?
A) 0

6) What percentage score are the mid-term and final exams worth individually?
A) 25%

7) What is the GPA minimum I must achieve at the end of my program to graduate even 
if I have taken all the program courses?
A) 2.0

8) Where is the FAST (Faculty of Applied Science and Technology) office on my campus where I can
go to make appointments with my professor, my coordinator, my Associate Dean, or for other questions
regarding my program?Where is the FAST (Faculty of Applied Science and Technology) office on my campus 
where I can go to make appointments with my professor, my coordinator, my Associate Dean, or for other questions
regarding my program?	
A) Trafalgar campus E200

Second portion

1) What are considered the 3 core languages of web design?
A) HTML, CSS, JavaScript

2) What does HTML provide for web pages?
A) Essential structure for web pages

3) HTML is simply a TXT file with what 2 possible extensions?
A) .htm or .html extension

4) Write a paragraph using an html tag (example is in the video)
and include your name between the opening and closing tag
A) <p> Omer Siddiqui </p>

5) What do elements refer to?
A) Elements refer to the tags and their contents

6) Can all tags be nested inside other tags (Y/N)?
A) N

7) What was the first HTML specification?
A) HTML 2.0 in 1995

8) What is the most current version of HTML (the one we will be using)?
A) HTML 4.0/5(??)

9) Open up the Inspector for the Exercise listed in the video and open all the sections.
 i. What is included between the <title> tags?
 ii. What charset is defined?
A) i.  Exercise
   ii. UTF-8

10) What does the DOCTYPE declaration tell the browser being used?
A) It tells the user agent what version of HTML is being used

11) What are the 2 main regions of the HTML document?
A) The <body> and the <head>
